Separating getting started page from intro in doc (#202)
scikit-learn-contrib/scikit-matter: docs/src/getting-started.rst

Getting started
===============

> A small introduction to all methods implemented in scikit-matter.
> For a detailed explaination, please look at the :ref:`selection-api`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide illustrates the main functionalities that ``scikit-matter`` provides. It
assumes a very basic working knowledge of how ``scikit-learn`` works. Please refer to
our :ref:`installation` instructions for installing ``scikit-matter``.

For a detailed explaination of the functionalities, please look at the
:ref:`selection-api`
```

Features and Samples Selection
------------------------------

  .. include:: selection.rst
     :start-after: marker-selection-introduction-begin
     :end-before: marker-selection-introduction-end

These selectors are available:

* :ref:`CUR-api`: a decomposition: an iterative feature selection method based upon the
  singular value decoposition.
* :ref:`PCov-CUR-api` decomposition extends upon CUR by using augmented right or left
  singular vectors inspired by Principal Covariates Regression.
* :ref:`FPS-api`: a common selection technique intended to exploit the diversity of
  the input space. The selection of the first point is made at random or by a
  separate metric
* :ref:`PCov-FPS-api` extends upon FPS much like PCov-CUR does to CUR.
* :ref:`Voronoi-FPS-api`: conduct FPS selection, taking advantage of Voronoi
  tessellations to accelerate selection.
* :ref:`DCH-api`: selects samples by constructing a directional convex hull and

>   determining which samples lie on the bounding surface.

Reviewer: This is very nice! I am only asking if we should also put this into the `selection.rst` as well.

Then this page only combines the API description with the examples.

> Examples

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
Further Examples
```

because you already gave an example?
